Add SAPM exporter documentation (#1)
asuresh4/aws-otel.github.io: src/docs/components/sapm-exporter.mdx

---

> title: SAPM Exporter for AWS OTel Collector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Getting Started with SAPM Exporter
```

kind: documentation

> description: 'Configure the AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry Collector to send traces to Splunk'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Configure the AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry Collector to send traces to Splunk APM'
```

---

## Overview

> The [`sapm` exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/master/exporter/sapmexporter) exports traces to Splunk using the SAPM proto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`sapm` exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/master/exporter/sapmexporter) exports traces to Splunk APM using the SAPM protocol.
```

## Configuring SAPM Exporter

The following configuration options are **required**.

#### `access_token`

> The authentication token provided by Splunk or another backend that supports the SAPM proto. The Splunk access token can be obtained from the web app. For details on how to do so please refer the documentation [here](https://docs.signalfx.com/en/latest/admin-guide/tokens.html#access-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication token provided by Splunk or another backend that supports the SAPM protocol. The Splunk access token can be obtained from the web app. For details on how to do so please refer the documentation [here](https://docs.signalfx.com/en/latest/admin-guide/tokens.html#access-tokens).
```
